    Link to finished codepen: https://codepen.io/livytoolson/pen/PoNKMwq?editors=1100
    
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Semantic HTML enforces meaning of content
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    Hypertext Markup Language is used as the foundation of a website. It is the floor, walls, roof, etc.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute defines additional charactersitics or properties and is put inside the opening tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    h1 is used for the main title of the webpage and can only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img and a
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    <!DOCTYPE html> and <head>
    7. What is an id? 
    An id is used to reference a unique id for an HTML element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    unique elements or required elements
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Once
    10. What is a class? 
    A class attribute is used to reference a class name in the style sheet
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    any elements
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    Multiple times
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    _blank
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
    It specifies alternate text describing the image for the user in case the image does not load on the webpage.
    15. How do I reference an id?
    #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    A section has meaning where as a div does not. A div is simply a container to move groups of code around.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    CSS is used for styling the HTML
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    *h2
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    A class can be used to define multiple elements whereas an id can only be used to define one element. 
    You may use an ID for a header or footer and an element for p or div
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human”?
    p .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
    The parent child selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element. This would be useful when selecting all p that are in the header. 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar link
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    it selects elements that are in a specific state
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-trasnform: uppercase;
    text-transform: lowercase;
    text-transform: capitalize;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div{
        border: 1px dotted black;
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* this is a comment in CSS */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
    rm - there is no security question asking if you are sure you want to remove the file. Once you remove it, it's gone forever. 
    34. Why should I use version control?
    It is important to keep track of changes. It allows team memebers to be working on the most recent version of code.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Every hour
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
    git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
    Fork the repo, add TL as a collaborator, clone the repo and copy it to your clipboard, go to your terminal and use the cd command to go where you want your cloned repo to go, use the git clone repo command and paste link, use cd command to move into the new repo, use the git checkout command -b 'firstname-lastname' to create your own branch, use git add to to add changes to repo and get them ready for committing, use git commit -m 'to describe the changes you made', use git push -u origin branch name to push your changes up to github, submit a pull request, add you TL to reviewers and submit your pull request

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    inline elements do not cause code to go on a new line, block elements do
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    You can place the element exactly where you would like it to be on the page. You use the attributes left, right, bottom, top to set the location. But these values will be relative to the next parent element with absolute positioning.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 